TF-9201 Update OAuth Clients Documentation (#503)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/vcs/index.mdx

If your infrastructure code is spread across multiple VCS providers, you can configure multiple VCS connections. You can choose which VCS connection to use whenever you create a new workspace.

#### Scoping VCS Connections using Projects

> You can configure which workspaces can use repositories from a VCS connection. By default each VCS connection is enabled to be used by all workspaces in the organization. If you need to limit which workspaces can use repositories from a given VCS connection you can change this setting to only be enabled for workspaces in selected projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure which projects can use repositories from a VCS connection. By default each VCS connection is enabled for all workspaces in the organization. If you need to limit which projects can use repositories from a given VCS connection, you can change this setting to enable the connection for only workspaces in the selected projects.
```
